---
title: "1.17.0"
date: "2024-11-16"
page-id: "changelog"
tags: 
 - release
 - minor
 - new-features
 - improvements
 - bug-fixes
layout: layout/version.liquid
eleventyComputed:
  page-id: "changelog-item"
---
## New features
Many, many, many new features in this release - so many that I'm opting not to include screenshots this time round.  

### Ciphers
- **Beaufort cipher**  
Similar to the Vigenère cipher (the decryption process is the same), except you start with a reversed alphabet.
- **Rail fence cipher**  
Also known as the Zig Zag cipher, Rail fence takes its name from how the encryption is performed - in analogy to a fence built with horizontal rails
- **Chaocipher**  
Chaocipher is an encryption method invented by John F. Byrne in the 1920s. It uses two shifting sets of the alphabet to scramble messages uniquely each time.
- **Atbash cipher**  
A simple substitution cipher that takes a string and transforms each letter to its mirror image in the alphabet. For example: A ⇆ Z B ⇆ Y etc.

### ONI tools
While not exposed in the UI right now, several tools from the Section 3 ruby Toolkit have been ported over to Convrtr. These can be accessed using the web console. Most will require specifically encoded data sets to work correctly
- **Unmunge**  
Unmunges a data node using a given key.
- **Lookahead**  
Performs a lookahead operation on the data node using the given key.
- **Interleave**  
Interleaves the characters of two strings, you may optionally pass in a delimiter.
- **Merge Base64**  
Merges multiple Base64 strings by selecting the most frequent character at each position.
- **Unscramble**  
Unscrambles a string by interleaving its characters. For example: abcdef → badcfe
- **Extract strings**  
Extracts sequences of printable characters from a string, based on a given number of minimum characters. Minimum characters cannot be less than 1.
- **Calendar**  
Extracts characters from the data string at specific positions based on calendar-like offsets.

### Hex tools
Similar to ONI tools, these are not yet exposed in the UI but are available via the web console to try.
- **Shift Hex Pattern**  
Shifts the bytes of the input string based on the provided key bytes.
- **Shift Hex Key**  
Shifts the bytes of the input string based on the provided key.

## Changes
- Improved description and example text for various decoders

## Bug fixes
- Fixed bug with Vigenère cipher, where the shift values were slightly off 
- Fixed various typos and grammatical issues
- Fixed copyright year being incorrectly generated at build time on certain platforms